his god lives who is taken away my
his god lives who is taken away my justice and the Almighty who has made my
justice and the Almighty who has made my
justice and the Almighty who has made my soul bitter as long as my breath is in
soul bitter as long as my breath is in
soul bitter as long as my breath is in me and the breath of God is in my
me and the breath of God is in my
me and the breath of God is in my nostrils my lips will not speak
nostrils my lips will not speak
nostrils my lips will not speak wickedness nor my tongue utter deceit
wickedness nor my tongue utter deceit
wickedness nor my tongue utter deceit far be it from me that I should say you
far be it from me that I should say you
far be it from me that I should say you are right till I die I will not put away
are right till I die I will not put away
are right till I die I will not put away my integrity from me my righteousness I
my integrity from me my righteousness I
my integrity from me my righteousness I hold fast and will not let it go my
hold fast and will not let it go my
hold fast and will not let it go my heart shall not reproach me as long as I
heart shall not reproach me as long as I
heart shall not reproach me as long as I live may my anim be like the wicked and
live may my anim be like the wicked and
live may my anim be like the wicked and he who rises up against me like the
he who rises up against me like the
he who rises up against me like the unrighteous for what is the hope of the
unrighteous for what is the hope of the
unrighteous for what is the hope of the hypocrite
hypocrite
hypocrite though he may gain much if God takes
though he may gain much if God takes
though he may gain much if God takes away his life will God hear his cry when
away his life will God hear his cry when
away his life will God hear his cry when trouble comes upon him will he delight
trouble comes upon him will he delight
trouble comes upon him will he delight himself in the Almighty well he always
himself in the Almighty well he always
himself in the Almighty well he always call on God I will teach you about the
call on God I will teach you about the
call on God I will teach you about the hand of God what is with the Almighty
hand of God what is with the Almighty
hand of God what is with the Almighty I will not conceal surely all of you
I will not conceal surely all of you
I will not conceal surely all of you have seen it why then do you behave with
have seen it why then do you behave with
have seen it why then do you behave with complete nonsense this is the portion of
complete nonsense this is the portion of
complete nonsense this is the portion of a wicked man with God and the heritage
a wicked man with God and the heritage
a wicked man with God and the heritage of oppressors received from the Almighty
of oppressors received from the Almighty
of oppressors received from the Almighty if his children are multiplied it is for
if his children are multiplied it is for
if his children are multiplied it is for the sword and his offspring shall not be
the sword and his offspring shall not be
the sword and his offspring shall not be satisfied with bread those who survive
satisfied with bread those who survive
satisfied with bread those who survive him shall be buried in death and their
him shall be buried in death and their
him shall be buried in death and their widows shall not weep though he heaps of
widows shall not weep though he heaps of
widows shall not weep though he heaps of silver like dust and piles of clothing
silver like dust and piles of clothing
silver like dust and piles of clothing like clay he may pile it up but the just
like clay he may pile it up but the just
like clay he may pile it up but the just will wear it and the innocent will
will wear it and the innocent will
will wear it and the innocent will divide the silver he built his house
divide the silver he built his house
divide the silver he built his house like a moth like a booth which a
like a moth like a booth which a
like a moth like a booth which a watchman makes the rich man will lie
watchman makes the rich man will lie
watchman makes the rich man will lie down but not be gathered up he opens his
down but not be gathered up he opens his
down but not be gathered up he opens his eyes and he is no more
eyes and he is no more
eyes and he is no more taras overtake him like a flood a
taras overtake him like a flood a
taras overtake him like a flood a tempest steals him away in the night the
tempest steals him away in the night the
tempest steals him away in the night the east wind carries him away and he is
east wind carries him away and he is
east wind carries him away and he is gone it sweeps him out of his place it
gone it sweeps him out of his place it
gone it sweeps him out of his place it hurls against him and does not spare he
hurls against him and does not spare he
hurls against him and does not spare he flees desperately from its power men
flees desperately from its power men
flees desperately from its power men shall clap their hands at him and shall
shall clap their hands at him and shall
shall clap their hands at him and shall hiss him out of his place